one of the best piece of information that I got waas when people would
always tell me, Hey, you know what? Like find your bibliography and
mainly read those chapters before I had never really picked up a bibliography,
which is, Ah, a list of books that are required reading
for your promotion. When you take the test, they take out little snippets
of it or chapters from it. And then, um, they transcribe those
into questions on I think they're like 200 questions or something that's
supposed to fill out before that, I just thought, Well, you know,
like I'm Electrician's, it's my whole entire career. Yeah, you're
not supposed to go back and memorize those things. You just, ah, part
of you. But, um, the bibliography is, like, really, really shaved
down. And, um, it's something that you can study over the course of
a few days Ah, week. Or for more hardcore members, you know, an entire
month. But it's not. It's not so difficult to actually get into
the books and read. So the fact that they gave me the opportunity Thio
find out about that material and the fact that they pushed me to
learn that material is something that I really appreciate